Setting Icons in Mac OS XThe first thing you need to know is that getting information for a file or folder works a little differently than it does in Mac OS 9. In Mac OS 9 (and earlier), when you press Command-I, you get a Get Info window for each item you have selected in the Finder. With Mac OS X, there is no Get Info.Get Info has been replaced with an "Inspector". The inspector is shown or hidden when you press Command-I. It also behaves differently; every time you select something in the Finder, the inspector shows additional information about the item. The good news is that even though the Inspector works differently, it still allows you to change icons for most desktop items.Here is a step-by-step guide for setting a folder icon:1) Select a file or folder that has the icon you want to use.2) Press Command-I to bring up the Inspector panel.3) Click on the icon once. You should see a gray border around the icon (see figure.)4) Press Command-C to copy the icon. Do NOT close the inspector panel.5) Select the file or folder that you want to customize. Press Command-V to paste the icon.That's it!Setting Classic Mac IconsThe most common use of custom icons is as a replacement for the standard file and folder icons that are built into your Mac's operating system. Many people find that it is much easier to find a file that you are looking for by spotting a cool, colorful icon rather than by its name. Icons can be cut and pasted onto almost any item on the Macintosh. For the most part however, they are just a whole lot of fun. As for how to apply them, here is the most straight forward way:1. On your desktop, select the icon you would like to use2. Select "Get Info" (command-I) from the File Menu for that icon3. Click on the icon in the upper left of the window4. Choose "Copy" (command-C) from the Edit menu5. Close the window6. Select the file/folder you want to apply that icon to7. Select "Get Info" (File menu) for that icon8. Click on the icon in the upper left of the window9. Select "Paste" (command-V) from the Edit Menu.(this method won't work on the trash can)10. You're done!