Xicons.comHey, where are the icons?These icons are designed specifically as 128x128 pixel thumbnail icons for Mac OS X.  Users running system software prior to Mac OS X will not see the Gigantic icons.  However you may still be able to view 32x32 pixel and 16x16 pixel renditions of the icons if your monitor is set to 32-bit color.  Lower bit depths are not included at this time.  Additionally, Large (48x48 pixel) icons are included for use with Mac OS X Server.How often does Xicons.com post new icon sets?New icons created by Xicons.com staff are posted on the site approximately twice a week.  As users begin to submit their own creations we will start posting icons daily!  So keep checking the site for new icons so you can keep your Mac OS X desktop free of jagged icons from the pre-Aqua era.How can I make icons for Mac OS X?Making icons for Mac OS X (and previous versions of the Mac OS) is quite easy.  Simply download IconBuilder from IconFactory.com.  The Pro version of this plugin (US $69) allows one to quickly and easily make 16x16 pixel, 32x32 pixel, 48x48 pixel, and 128x128 pixel icons and supports transparency effects.  The Lite version (US $29) disables creation of 128x128 pixel icons for those who do not need it.Tell me more about the Monthly Contest.Xicons.com welcomes and encourages user-submitted icon sets.  We will display sets on Xicons.com along with your name and a link to your website.  Additionally, Xicons.com will be holding monthly contests for the best thumbnail icon set submitted by the public.  The winning set will be showcased on the front page of the site and be awarded a registered copy of IconBuilder Pro.  The first contest starts September 2000.Start designing your icons today and send them to:  submissions@xicons.comI like Xicons.com, how can I help to support it?Visitor support and encouragement is greatly appreciated.  You can send email to pixelpusher@xicons.com to keep us motivated and give us ideas.  If you would like to support the site financially so it is not forced to shut down, we would greatly appreciated you clicking on the banners and signing up with LifeMinders.com or Alladvantage.com.  This is what keeps us online and smoothing over the world's jagged edges.  You can also purchase a book or other item from Amazon.com through our site.  Or just spread the word about Xicons.com to your friends or link to us on your own site!  Thanks again for all your encouragement and support.  We hope you enjoy our icons!Icons in this set were created using product photos copyright by Apple Computer, Inc.